(single image => orientation is not a problem, zero length output taken care
of centrally!)

approximatefield -- single image
backprojectimage
bidsconversion 
binarythresholdimage -- single image
bisserver -- not image to image
blankimage -- single image
butterworthfilter 
butterworthfilterimage --single image
changeimagespacing --single image
clusterthreshold --single image
combineimages
computecorrelation -- OK
computeglm -- OK
computeroi -- check
concatenateimages -- check
cropimage --single image
defaceimage -- single image
dicomconversion -- not an issue
diffspect -- check
displacementfield -- single image
driftcorrectimage -- single image
extractframe -- single image
extractslice -- single image
flipimage -- single image
gradientimage -- single image
individualizedparcellation --check
infomodule  -- not an issue
inverttransformation -- single image
linearregistration -- check
makechecksum -- not an issue
manualregistration -- check
maskimage -- check
morphologyfilter -- single image
motioncorrection -- check
motionreslice -- check
nonlinearregistration -- check
normalizeimage -- single image
pipeline -- not an issue
prepareregistration -- single image
preprocessoptical -- single image
process4dimage --single image
projectimage -- check
qualitymeasures --single image
regressglobal -- single image
regressiontests -- not an issue
regressout -- not an issue
regressoutimage -- single image
regularizeobjectmap --single image
reorientimage -- single image
resampleimage -- single image
resliceimage -- single image
seedcorrelation -- check
segmentimage -- single image
shiftscaleimage --single image
slicebiascorrect -- single image
smoothimage --single image
tfrecon -- single image
thresholdimage -- single image
